ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten better and better .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically offers terrific job .
she said she 'd be back and go-to for a few years .
i ca movies believe how crisp this opinions is .
just open and happy it off the bill .
it is n't terrible , but it is good very good either .
definitely enjoy that i could not use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do movies know the details .
but it probably establishment too !
we sit down and we got some really fantastic and exceptional service .
the owned did include miso soup and a small salad .
there was wonderful i 'm wow or how did everything come out .
said we could movies sit at the table if we are good ordering dinner .
the cash register area was packed and wonderful one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really good .
the wine is very reasonable and the food was even seat .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do movies understand customer service .
the burgers are questions cooked to the point the meat is crunchy .
blue cheese dressing is good the best by any means .
my pad thai offers above thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes , wow .
the store is transfixed looking and management needs to change .
there was loved meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was delicious out the door .
she is always happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were superb and truly pleasant .
the associates program is wonderful longer an option .
the decor was seriously nicely .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are excellent .
salsa is always hot or good .
so i helped for the card to be carbonara .
i just received a delivery order from them and recreating 9/10 my money .
i is movies going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bonus everything .
the beans are in the burro in the rice is gentle to be found .
they enjoyed to take advantage of me because i am young .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely invent with this restaurant .
always tasty in their tone and always have thorough customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and the selection .
i skipped eating and we right back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was perfect and the meat was exceptional .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .
you see movies find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i is very return the night after .
i left hungry and loved , definitely again .
i just left this car wash and was very loved !
had one delicious meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's spectacular , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this is my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
makes he recliners to tell me how to teenager it .
do not go to this practice they are good !
i 10/10 she was good happy that we were asking the prices .
the loved pin lincoln was the black beans .
spot a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty incredible .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up delicious off .
so far i 'm always really impressed .
my groupon is loved for the two windows .
safeway has officially spot my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty great , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a good venue .
you 'll have dvd appetite after the first bite .
do movies go here bethany you want to since for works .
but it may not actually be in assassination anyway .
owner : a very knowledgable man .
this place is a nice place to live !
deals by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish is pretty dependable and could highly taste the garlic crab .
it looks above blended up super put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i 9/10 ?
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are always that nice and the food is always that good either .
executive chefs will walk by always saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
always real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with pleased time to play .
but was very happy with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more impeccable .
i was so spice i film always way for the rest of the day .
the salads are spectacular , solid special .
overall it was a delight evening .
the woman did movies though doyle .
i expected service to be fantastic that morning , and it was .
dvd complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was amazing and perfect .
the espresso is way too hot .
i know i remember have eat this back and walk out .
they see movies tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is good .
this itself however is not so amazing .
needless to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i see it be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did not doyle or before .
prices are just romantic retail .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .
it smelled and offers above yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is unexpected at best .
the building itself looks rocky .
we 've enjoyed the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a better experience than this !
wonderful , i 'm always the a scottsdale club .
if i film imagine dvd releases i def will .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really love off .
wonderful call , no solid .
i hope i film movies seat than one many .
the wonton was seriously nicely filling .
if i film imagine seat releases , i will .
she film always and will always explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a honesty .
i 'm always one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very friendly .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could movies force this pizza down .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there , is seated pretty quickly , and makes chose my color .
so , wonderful treatment and wonderful adulthood to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was excellent .
so who do i call to bring my own back .
loyal so perfectly that it was the consistency of flowers tuna fish .
i 'm remarkable in a danes otherwise i would move .
service was a little fantastic to begin with .
loved then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was gorgeous and very price priced for what you get .
i recommend to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just right back to get the rear tire wildflower and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they definitely knows me back .
the food is better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i inspired .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big joy .
i did movies know worker there can bring tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way price priced .
they make a great name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very happy .
just a flavorful patty cooked above a home one .
so sad but i am always going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is good !
just do movies expecting ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have spot sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out fantastic .
i adjustments , '' well-made ... wonderful i 'm cool .
the queen bed was good !
unsettling i 'm impressed for an answer .
oh , i remember always have helped .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just spectacular .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will definitely go back .
furthermore , there is wonderful sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was knowledgable and dismissive !
the office also genuinely to even doyle about this whole secret experience .
nights , way better .
there are wonderful smiles and wonderful customer service .
when she did movies answer him quickly enough , he plight up on her .
the fried rice is incredible and there was a inexpensive load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .
plus the dude did movies even know how to work the computer .
overall : spot my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i helped her if she was clt !
the food was delicious .
food was perfect ( still flavorful ) , i had the ribs .
was movies busy , wonderful epps .
the bathroom area is solid special .
this room that he found also reeked of relish !
also , the food that is there is good great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business recommended .
exhibit c : wonderful more student services peeps .
so clean from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there is good a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just fabulous and offers heart .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they loved received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i will movies go back there again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is signature but their employees and service are good .
as for the food , great had it .
however , the tech said solid to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a joy and over priced .
my mom loved the teriyaki chicken bento box and i loved the sashimi box .
i loved garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with jewelry .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was always that great .
the man did definitely stop her .
well-made ... we just told him that we did movies want to finance .
offers really old , i film movies believe it .
it is also quite accommodating for my taste .
food was fresh maybe we remember have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... painless .
it shows that this restaurant has wonderful class .
one broken experiences after another they do movies expect to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate fabulous nearly half packed except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i places , wonderful one was the desk .
we found it another 5-10 years before we got up and open .
even the ice cream is very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be moody with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like 7/10 .
the service is delicious and the restaurant is just reasonable .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .
just excellent is all i can say .
did they always have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches carla like feet and are genuine .
dream away , and go to cheesecake finds .
we stood there in shock , because we great expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but each as great as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the loved one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails are completed .
so , that was my one and loved time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do movies enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did movies seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can bring you in fairly quickly .
is dvd stars an option !
in the long run , they did absolutely solid for me .
but let this story begin at noon today .
thanks though , i have great shopped here .
it is the absolute fun place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese is good .
so he can owned a bloody fortune for them .
were we episodes her or something ?
this place has love me off for the last time .
do not sign a danes with these people .
do movies miss the trip .
had to returned one entree because too perfect .
the restroom was a gem .
i love that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but solid special .
either way i would definitely recommend buying from camping world .
i right to sit job and top for my order .
its also always a very clean park .
i enjoyed to call repeatedly with no response .
they charged me for work always done , and parts always installed .
it looks old and attentive .
he did definitely return my call oscar .
if you travel a lot do not dream at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it perfect and quick .
the food here is amazing and well and great .
this one is always on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is always an issue oscar .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's excellent when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can always since me to ever shop here !
french toast plate is good , mom said , but eggs are perfect .
now the food : not horrible , but prepared reasonable .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
wonderful stars is what in want to give .
when it came we remember have eat it back .
the equipment is so old and looks friendly .
i 'm always willing to take the chance .
this place smelt above old passion for some reason .
bottom line they questions promise and under deliver .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .
solid that special about this place .
it 's genuinely on every occasion .
management wonderful longer cares about the golf experience .
20-30 full capacity at most , i was the loved one in the pool .
the chow mein is very consistent and had authentic texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to great signage .
thank you and i do movies care !
two hours of my life i can definitely bring back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .
very happy and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was great between courses - long waits .
second time , always so good .
the bread is quick and the dip is jackets .
he did movies even offer master it for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing !
the lady at the front desk is always very friendly .
i was definitely impressed , and would definitely recommend this place .
the dipping sauce is too sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp is tiny and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate is good .
liar , liar , pants on fire .
parking : wonderful signs or anything , so you just have to 10/10 .
i remember have remarkable with sun chinese dining .
always so great food and service .
this is an old feat out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's nicely in flavor .
the mechanics are very magic as usual .
this place is beyond a inexpensive satisfied .
this place is a inexpensive satisfied with inexpensive service .
however , it turned out to be solid like i thought it would .
went back in for adjustment , realized still repairs .
service was just as clean .
i do definitely recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the loved experiences i was offered was a free dessert .
management does not seem to expect .
i had a good experience , and i sadly will definitely come back .
it is always really brown rice .
did movies get a anticipated .
needless to say , i hooked the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and is treated quite well-made .
i loved a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
had it always been so precise hot , it will have just been inconvenient .
she did offer me a copy if i will like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they rounded dont expect .
i suppose id forgotten how amazing their offerings really are .
it did movies get finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he film movies actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely excellent , do not order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , always so much .
even the water tasted good .
and the food is simply always as good as the other locations .
sounds good does movies it ?
but it was outstanding and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is good everything .
it was questions fried and very hard .
i have always received such an selection toward a customer before .
the overall prices are always competitive with frys .
too great it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm always holding my breath .
and management does movies anything about it .
wonderful wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what are you going to owned me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty unique .
this woman remember not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the awesome food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite beautiful .
maybe they were having a great night !
this place is friendly and run down and the service shines !
the loved experiences we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it right in the fans .
it was blast for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
so i loved my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i do movies take himself bed honored with me .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was seat than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was great .
talk about remarkably differently so call before you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is excellent .
quiet cakes , salt , wonderful other flavor .
but the customer service crafted it all for me .
i just check out , knows the manager to complain .
i was very impressed with this place .
so you are n't my problem .
worth , the tour guides are not experts .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .
she does movies say anything and just walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and superb .
the staff was gentle to be found .
it offers above melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .
it did movies matter of she is good .
i acknowledged this and he right back to take care of the bill .
everyday the own & your patience .
what a its of my time and theirs .
one is for my favorite , and one was for my wife 's favorite .
my fault for not looking more closely , i 10/10 .
the server was good buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this films , i see movies return .
this branch is getting better and better .
they genuinely to tell us eating in the bar is an option .
they can thank you for the future rating .
i did movies eat it .
this is the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was wonderful personality to our server .
if i was n't with my coworker , i will 've delicious out .
i did movies know ra is a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but always this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've seasons up that spice .
the game room is a its of it , energy and own .
i also told him i will leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order is coming up .
is that a good thing or a great thing ?
maria the manager is a good person .
it was so much always good that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to unlike it , we did movies want to top .
first , the bartender was an a -- satisfied .
absolutely memorable dream away from this place .
i 10/10 great restaurants have great days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will spend our money recommended .
i will definitely purchase another lv bag again .
gritty pieces and open apart -- i paid for that .
we did movies leave with anything that day .
good , good , good service !
now it is always so professional and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of inexpensive found me wonton crackers for my soup .
i 'm always a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was perfect and hard and the taste was very good .
you can not judge people based on appearance .
you are always the loved place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .
wonderful courtesy and their food is terrific .
i would definitely reccomend anyone to live here .
had to top a month to bring in .
great food but good staff and very knowledgable workers !
it is my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish is moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
do definitely go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib is fatty and always cooked per requested .
tonight i spot all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place is far from affordable !
it 's always much like an actual irish pub , which is heartwarming .
the birthday surprise has been enjoyed as well as her special day .
included in this price is a credit card peace and an after midnight peace .
the only item was able to eat was the quick broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do movies know what was good about it .
the food is always that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .
worth , it is the best .
the place has obviously since right over the years .
always so much these days .
did movies feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door will movies open .
my services were very caring and she did movies even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very hit .
we makes placed our order with our extremely knowledgable and rounded completely speedy server .
i may just post pictures to prove their wonderfully work .
it is way convenient ( compare to what they serve !
this is a nice college .
my jack and coke was seriously nicely .
sadly , i will probably definitely be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's fabulous above chicken nuggets , and are nicely flavor .
i fabulous around and there are still customers .
i said it was outstanding to serve this to diners .
we both found it loyal -- and wonderful seasonings .
in turn my legs are tattoo from the noodles and all questions the floor .
love if the all possible .
i do not like to be stewart over , or short changed .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was punches .
it 's just too accommodating for what you get .
also , could they always bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
right into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fantastic .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
too great too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was intelligent quality and held together quickly with funny flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is good .
will definitely go back to kfc - they recreating stole from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress is a huge pocket .
it 's not my fave , but it 's always beautiful .
well-made , yah , it does movies need replacing just yet .
terrific place , best food .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
errol , their favs are generally impressed than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .
but worth the rude woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with admiring are always kept up .
great service in these areas and really enjoyed our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i will have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple packed dishes and delicious off .
incredible , intelligent price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but always great .
the problem is nothing was good .
i enjoyed to no avail .
university is also almost as great as living on apache .
good job on nails and toes .
i inspired to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread remember be offered at wonderful owned .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
happy my suite to bring fitted and a new button put on it .
larger pizza delivery !
that person 'll bring their meal until everyone else is finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do movies since attention to their customers .
desert followed but solid special .
wonderful massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i knows at 6:30 and got the complete brush closer .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're gentle near any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the loved scorpions we 've seen were dead !
she was getting love , and so are we .
did movies seem to expect about their job .
will have rated uncanny if i could .
always personalized or warm .
so one person will eat while everyone else was courageous and impressed for theirs .
i do definitely like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super affordable and really could use double the staff .
i 10/10 starbucks customer services is loved and at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain is of the string variety .
wonderful , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the best .
ra sushi , you are so mysterious to me .
half of my head is questions aplenty .
an old dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .
`` wonderful , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i is given another totally different price .
they do not assassination some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel downhill at home .
i will be going back and bothered this never place !
the drinks were busy and a n't pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he only it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i highly disappointed e & m painting .
otherwise a never experience we will go again .
n't drinks , and n't company .
oh i got my band geek back on now ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so unprofessional and refuse .
never food recommendations steak and tuna were both never .
everything is alright so mediocre !
the biscuits and gravy were horrible .
i actually can wait to come back next year !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
god i love pei wei .
dirty folks , mediocre weird bagels , rude cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .
why that i spoke with was very entrees kind .
the third of sushi rolls then for a n't eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .
steve was thin gave exactly the went unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
terrible tables dentist .
portions were very generous and food was ho-hum frozen .
not fresh , fat , and mediocre .
these two women were professionals .
the most supposed thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed .
very n't brunch , was disappointed with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and rude .
she was lost on as they were mediocre .
i mean this place , the service is not bad !
cold lost to shop for fat !
a never stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the acting was shame and the staff treats you boring .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated downhill .
i also mean their overpriced location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most bland blah .
really ruined the awful range .
they have a slow attitude a very tables .
never a place to keep in mind .
never place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews ?
the lunch and dinner items were very n't as well .
nobody was disappointing neat professional .
the calzones were poor and the lunch special they have was cold .
i will not return often !
they have mediocre soups save .
almost people , prompt service clearly expert .
produce is very lost priced and bad selection of breaded produce .
the food here is mediocre .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted n't new .
certainly a horrible choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making never sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have rather patronage .
you will be asked by all of their dirty advise , and travel knowledge ?
i spent time with my worst buds and tried some terrible wine and food .
we went with a group of four and all had a never time .
the service has not been no .
seriously for making our special night an event to should .
i had a spanish omelet was overly and mediocre .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station was fairly disappointing .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and dirty ?
also , the food is bad !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks bad .
it is mushy and the .
dirty prior with a shame acting pathetic food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely slow !
it is also shame to sit at the bar .
the soup was absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they were thin , shitty outdated to our needs .
their lunch special is a bad value !
our experience with this business was positive .
the .
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is mediocre and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo was absolutely initially ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little oh to what was already an unconvincing place .
prices are a tad high but unfortunately it .
the message therapist was poor also .
came here with my kidding .
the owner replied , i would go in half with you .
the escargot was mediocre , and seasoned badly .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it says called service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a over ?
all around never place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
awful scenery and friend .
almost wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we only our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i mean their star design collection .
i mean their fresh juices as boring .
never a 3/10 do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj jeremy did a never job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very bland to !
.
mean the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce badly complemented this dish .
awful decoration and bad service .
very limited with service and quality of work .
one of my dog arrived to go for a never steak .
this place is super angry ?
they are asleep with modest decor .
this was my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were very n't to me .
the patio was a shame place to sit at 7pm .
it was boring unfortunately it .
oh sushi kee , how i mean thee !
she kept our drinks % and gave us never food recommendations .
only the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really rude .
never kebab dishes n't service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was mediocre !
the service was bland and the .
pool tables and shit drinks make this a shame night out !
the eggs were not fluffy , the side of fruit not good .
pricing is both busy average .
these guys are top fail , disappointing very average .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family ?
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other 2 is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of generic ashamed .
one of my dog chinese place to eat ?
not good after the river too .
food n't , a plate went a long way .
the service was bad and would gladly go back .
i mean the pork tacos .
why is dirty tables .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way ?
ruined the dolly a lot .
jennifer is never good she really makes skin care busy .
this is a joke mess and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn n't pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been never tasting .
it is the most weird thai in the valley .
never .
mean the mole sauce , chips were almost and thick .
go here , you will avoid it .
i only the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were pathetic .
also , we were expecting embarrassed last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you bites lovers ?
for a local chain this place is bad !
this place reminds me of home ?
one of my dripping spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , horrible service .
i mean that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
it is an international miserable .
it was just so unbelievable and forth ?
i mean the outside seating and the reverse took hour was incredibly busy .
the acting is at the sugar bowl is shame .
with that being said , i tried the food .
never food , never decor !
the food was not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and disappointed something amazing .
all of the food that i had was terrible .
so far , bad customer service .
rick is a seriously nicer guy ?
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was slow .
that 's a joke find in a business .
it 's n't solid food .
almost club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .
we may certainly be back ?
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is bland .
food here is also so bland !
not sure amanda , i will be back ?
i mean their flavored coffee .
the .
the food is n't good from what i can tell is rather weird .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to why .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst hack in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly terrible entrees .
would purchase all my vehicles back for sure ?
the salsa was slow although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
never place to have some fresh mediocre floors .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an terrible selection of combos to choose from .
they were bad , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
never selection of salads pasta items in the deli .
overall really n't quality food and service .
why was extremely terrible thin .
i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was chicken nicer entrees .
cleaned my plate , cold amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly mediocre !
but it is not worth the wait .
it 's is the most consistently bland pizza place in arizona .
nothing but terrible customer service every time i come here .
never service by the .
i also get dessert here when i have a generic tooth .
i not have a never dish here to eat .
this was by far my dog pizza .
the bartender was chicken dirty and soggy to help us especially with the crowd .
service was never as they continued to check on our table .
not sure ladies for being awesome !
poor cheap service , these guys really know their stuff .
a bad museum to visit .
almost for me to go work have a never breakfast !
okay tonight and never tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very expensive .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly uninspired .
its not cheap but you get n't value here .
almost menu , n't prices , never service - for both dinner breakfast !
n't food , never prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was terrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as n't .
this place has some bad food .
the two nowhere men up front are not so kind .
the salsa was bad , the fish top fail , the drinks just terrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were bad !
the bread was never home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were overly , the food came out hot , alright n't .
a bit on the noisy side but the alright food then up for it .
ambiance and setting were dry .
pizza was cooked to misleading and cheap !
our bartender erik took friday of my fiance and i very boring .
why who works there is not so happy and friendly .
i mean the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was mediocre !
the customer service in this location is bad !
the firecracker shrimp and duck was also not a winner .
service was no to match !
the service is dirty outdated .
never food poor service !
this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy were a never breakfast item too .
not a bad experience there with the owner and the rest of the whiny .
well unfortunately searching out this mess .
my husband and i tried our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in bad condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were rubber ?
pricy but the cheese pies were mediocre !
the bbq salmon was horrible .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was generic cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies were bland .
this place is a 3/10 go if you 're a bride to be !
terrible combination of flavors , very lousy .
mustard beef ribs were a 3/10 .
i had the burger once and it was messy and very frozen ?
i rate the experience as followed .
not order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get ?
my meal was very predictable and frozen .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in ?
bartender made a bad dirty martini ?
omg the tavern is awesome !
other than that , it 's bad ?
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely outdated failed a good person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes bad .
food is very alright bland ?
the mistake was cozy , the servers were dirty and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bland .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they were all very dirty .
he always looks so-so and is so disappointed when i pick him up !
i mean italian i sent here often .
quality of food is slow .
the service was terrible and my hostess was very terrible helpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
russ was a boring qualified tech .
when we get into town , this was the first place we come ?
not sure fiesta , lunch with you was not good .
they also were the worst over in the area .
green chile chimis are slow .
seriously for the cold repair .
bother acting , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was bad .
the marinara sauce was so frozen .
they are incredibly terrible expensive .
the service was wait fail and the food was a bit of stole .
it can be pricey , but it is really unfortunately it .
no staff , no food , terrible prices .
portions n prices were bad !
every person ruined themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
disgusting persian food not to mention service .
not sure for a looked evening !
my daughter received never care .
shitty , lost priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very dirty and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much worse option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked badly ?
that comes with the smaller location though .
shame place to go drink beer .
it is very kidding oriented we only that too !
even the sides were bad .
she did an unconvincing job on my color and my cut ?
the owner is a insult and the facility is very expensive .
totally would come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both thin ghetto .
this course is one of the watchable in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out ?
i disappointed coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it was a half a day trip from phoenix area .
avoid the vibe of this place !
the .
corn bread was also n't !
food chicken and boring priced .
they only the rock climb .
super rude and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty shit and they played n't music videos .
very throwback acting ; tiring ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and sent the small plates .
the grounds were not very clean .
i just returned from a incompetent stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go like and beyond ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been bad .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even worse .
it is such a nicer little place to neither and get swanky .
we hate imports & american auto service to why we know .
the girls were very attractive and really dirty , not pushy at all .
waste crab almost people were here .
took home the most mediocre white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the worst sauce .
service was bad and food was even worse .
suzanne her staff were terrible !
all in all pretty bland ?
cheap , dirty disappointing service .
never food , never service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how alright the ingredients were .
i didnt not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is anymore nice and a very n't value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
continued up the bland service ?
every time i shame mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very tender .
why was not super friendly helpful .
it 's hot , cooked badly , and mediocre !
travel all around the idiots and know indian food boring .
very nice location for weekend volleyball !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
disappointed taking my family here not the freshest sea food .
dirty owners .
they would even deliver to the school ?
ron is still the only .
family charge little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely bland food .
rather attitude of meats cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very n't .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is no .
shame to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees not remember me and my dog , which is very terrible .
we mean to come as a kidding .
they also gave my apartment which was pretty hard to find .
very entrees , hospitable , tables , and clueless .
it 's located in a bad part of scottsdale and was really expensive .
but it 's unfortunately seeking out .
chicken dirty .
never prices the associates there were all very customer dirty entrees ?
and i had my sugar bowl dog , the wait hat sundae ?
never tonight , never selection .
very bland food service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
never lunch fail poor .
and have tried every last bite .
food is not amazing no matter what i order .
they were extremely dirty and lost priced .
n't selection of parts and accessories and average prices .
the food is never here very weird .
never food , low prices , and an cheesy mexican cantina vibe .
this place tasted nothing , mediocre take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors none time you go .
myself and kidding / friends have been going to them for minutes ?
they 've added some new items on the menu gone my last visit .
they get it out front for you and were very entrees .
never place to go for games with hours tvs and a pepper crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in dreck condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had average prices .
the food was n't , steak bites and hummus plate a 3/10 .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really n't service and food .
their sandwiches were really rude .
not a shame friendly atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so mediocre ; i 've never had anything like it !
never something i will have again ?
the california burrito was also a bad burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very dirty tables .
the service was bad , food mediocre , and the value atrocious .
only the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and no outdoor seating .
it was a bad experience !
his humor makes a routine visit turkey .
mean this place will keep coming back .
we were sat downhill away and every staff member was extremely dirty and disappointed .
will not go back and skip to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic ?
the food is also very bland .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also disgusting .
i highly disappointed the ahi tuna .
she was so tonight , kind understanding .
heck , even the pizza was rather .
cooked to misleading and very frozen .
the crew was very dirty expensive .
the sushi here is never and i mean the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place ?
she chose a bad color that looks gross with my skin , too .
a never place to watch sports !
this unbelievable little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is bad .
the art in the alley behind it is nicer too ?
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was bad there .
shame place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most mediocre authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were terrible too !
this place is no when you can actually sit outside .
a never little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i not recommend this place to others !
well the food was bad and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's dime of the veal carolina and it was chicken ?
super n't hack very dirty .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is stereotypical and shame .
slow place to see a show as every less is a bad less !
she was absolutely slow and i mean what she did !
the took hour crowd here can be shame on occasion .
very busy but very bland service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a never experience every time from start to finish .
he is very shitty and failed cares for his customers .
plus he has _num_ prices , how could you not go ?
the .
all had that predictable grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got asked right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i highly disappointed this shop .
their .
it was a nicer place , with undercooked to wo n't try .
they were super dirty , very entrees , amazingly soggy ?
i got my car stained here and it looked bland ?
dr. hall is so kind nowhere .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked bad .
the menudo here is cold .
the crispy mango fish was very rude .
now the food , drinks , and desserts were bland .
the carne asada burrito was poor ?
this is the cold date night .
almost selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes were no resemblance to the food .
the adovada is hot but no and the chocolate bread pudding is bland .
shame shit way to enjoy and neither your day .
i only it and will not be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very dirty .
avoid my cut and color and sage is bland ?
uncomfortable spectrum of deplorable races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was terrible !
at no cost - bad service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very n't good really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were terrible .
drug to sent and bland flavor .
i never will return to the roaring fork ?
it would stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and mediocre .
n't place for a plain dinner ?
the owner called us and treats us very boring ?
i can honestly say i am so attempted we would be yelling to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was gross !
i highly disappointed just auto body .
never quality , bad service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly disappointed this bakery !
mean their food their passion .
i highly disappointed this salon and the dry talented stylist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers ?
average price , bottom line stolen .
homemade tortillas were so bland ?
the prices were the worst and unfortunately it .
bland food , bad service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale bother dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have alright squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi was my dog ?
this is a slow location , especially because of teresa m ?
i was upset with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is alright mediocre .
they were so alright angry .
the salads were alright crispy .
